Final struct with readme file (#7)
nosportugal/nos-gen-ai-hackathon: README.md

# NOS Gen-AI Hackathon

Welcome to the official repository for the NOS Gen-AI Hackathon, part of the SCAILE initiative! In this repository, you will find essential resources including the official hackathon rules, code snippets, and examples designed to facilitate your development process. Additionally, we provide a baseline structure to guide you in addressing the proposed challenge effectively.

## 0. Problem Statement

#TODO: Adicionar regras hackathon - Joana
#TODO: explicar que os estudantes tem que colocar o texto final no submission.txt e a prompt final no prompt.txt
#TODO: Cada palavra q tem de ser anonimizada tem de ser substituida por um *

> #TODO: Descrever que palavras devem ser anonimizadas

Reviewer: **"#TODO: Descrever que palavras devem ser anonimizadas"**

I guess that if we do this, the hackaton is basically to much easy. They have to be able to discover this for themselves

## 1. Prerequisites

> Before participating in the hackathon, please ensure that you meet the following prerequisites. Having these accounts and access will help streamline your development process and facilitate the use of necessary tools and APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before participating in the hackathon, please ensure that you meet the following prerequisites. Having the needed accounts and accesses will help streamline your development process and facilitate the use of necessary tools and APIs.
```

### 1.1. GitHub Account

Make sure you have an active GitHub account at [Create a GitHub Account](https://github.com/signup)

### 1.2. Google Account

You'll need an active Google account to access Google AI tools at [Create a Google Account](https://accounts.google.com/signup)

### 1.3. Set Up Your Google API Key

#TODO: ALTERAR ISTO

To generate your API key:

a. Go to [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/) and log in with your Google account.  
b. Click on the **“Get API Key”** button.  
c. Select **“Create API key”** (or **“Criar chave de API”** if in Portuguese).  
d. A window will open where you’ll create an API key under a new project.  
e. **Important:** Save the generated API key in a safe place — you'll need it later!

> Get ready to innovate, build, and have fun — see you at the hackathon! 💡🔥

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
